docs: add examples for index.ts files on server routes (#23390)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/1.server.md

- **POST** method: Returns `Test post handler`
- Any other method: Returns 405 error

> You may also name files like `index.[verb].ts` if you want to compose your routes inside different folders for better readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `index.[method].ts` inside a directory for structuring your code differently.
```

**Example:**

```ts [server/api/foo/index.ts]

> export default defineEventHandler((event) => => {

Reviewer 2: @Atinux all examples contain a duplicated arrow

  // handle the `api/foo` endpoint
})
```

> This is especially powerful if you want to enable different logic based on your HTTP verbs on the root of the API namespace as well as other logic that should get own routes inside the `foo` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful to create API namespaces.
```
